Clarification of use of GLOBAL and TANGENTIAL orientation. (#13)
ConstantinUp/VDA5050: VDA5050_EN.md

*maxHeight* | m | float64 | Permitted maximum height of the vehicle, including the load, on the edge.
*minHeight* | m | float64 | Permitted minimal height of the load handling device on the edge.
*orientation* | rad | float64 | Orientation of the AGV on the edge. The value `orientationType` defines if it has to be interpreted relative to the global project-specific map coordinate system or tangential to the edge. In case of interpreted tangential to the edge, 0.0 denotes driving forwards and PI denotes driving backwards. <br>Example: orientation Pi/2 rad will lead to a rotation of 90 degrees.<br><br>If the AGV starts in a different orientation, rotate the vehicle on the edge to the desired orientation, if `reachOrientationBeforeEntering` is set to "false".<br>If `reachOrientationBeforeEntering` is "true", rotate before entering the edge.<br>If that is not possible, reject the order.<br><br>If no trajectory is defined, apply the rotation to the direct path between the two connecting nodes of the edge.<br>If a trajectory is defined for the edge, apply the orientation to the trajectory.

> *orientationType* | | string | Enum {'GLOBAL', 'TANGENTIAL'}: <br>'GLOBAL': relative to the global project-specific map coordinate system, only valid for omniodirectional vehicles;<br>'TANGENTIAL': tangential to the edge, any value valid for omnidirectional, differential vehicles only 0.0 (forward) and Pi (backward) possible.<br><br>If not defined, the default value is 'TANGENTIAL'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*orientationType* | | string | Enum {'GLOBAL', 'TANGENTIAL'}: <br>'GLOBAL': relative to the global project-specific map coordinate system, only valid for omnidirectional vehicles.<br>'TANGENTIAL': tangential to the trajectory of the edge. Example use: for an omnidirectional vehicle, any orientation is possible, for differential drive vehicles, only orientations 0.0 (forward) and Pi (backward) may be possible.<br><br>If not defined, the default value is 'TANGENTIAL'.
```
